feat(sql): customsql step can contains a column list TCTC-7280 (#1948)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Pypika translator: added an option `columns` property to CustomSQL step. This columns list is used when translating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pypika translator: added an optional `columns` property to CustomSQL step. This column list is used when translating
```

>   the query, and avoid relying on a fake table in `table_columns`. Prevents name conflicts when joining multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the query, and avoids relying on a fake table in `table_columns`. This prevents name conflicts when joining multiple
```
